
The prefix used in a field name is determined by the publisher associated with a solution
The publisher must be created before the solution.
You should use a managed solution when the components within the solution will be used as a third-party component in other environments.
Power Apps Studio is used for creating and modifying apps, but not to export them.
To configure Dataverse for Teams table security for user access across the wider company, the user must have the Teams owner role for the team.
A dataflow is used to import data into Dataverse and has native capabilities to send failure notifications.

Securty role
The system customizer role allows users to create apps within the environment.
The service writer role gives full permissions on all tables.
The office collaborator role gives read permission to tables in which a record from these tables is shared with the organization.
The office collaborator role gives read permission to tables in which a record from these tables is shared with the organization.

Business Rules
Setting the scope to Entity enforces this behavior within the canvas app as well as any model-driven apps
Cascade User Owned updates records at both primary and related levels to the new owner but does not affect existing records owned by other users.

Business Process
Action Step can be used to execute an action or workflow on demand.
 Each stage contains a group of steps.
  The exact step that can be used to trigger a workflow is the Action step.
   The branching condition can be formed from multiple logical expressions that use a combination of AND/OR operators.
    It cannot be used to trigger a workflow. Data Step inside a stage can be used to make a step required.

Relationship
The cascade relationship behavior will assure that all related rows are removed when the parent row is removed.
 For or conditions, separate rules are needed.

Tables
The Enable for activities option allows activities, such as tasks, and emails, to be connected to the table.
A business rule can conditionally change the requirement level of a field.

Portal Access
A user must have one or more web roles to access protected content.
Before usAuthenticated users must have a web role assigned to them to be able to access pages and data within a Power Pages.ers can access protected content, they must authenticate by using a configured identity provider.
Web pages are assigned to web roles to give roles access to them
Authenticated users must have a web role assigned to them to be able to access pages and data within a Power Pages.

Power Automate
The TriggerOutputs() function is used whenever you need to access anything from within the body in addition to info from the header.
The triggerFormDataValue() function is used to return a single value matching a key name in form-data or form-encoded trigger outputs.
The triggerBody() function is a referencing function that lets you fetch attributes from the body of the trigger.
 The result() function is used to return the inputs and outputs from the top-level actions inside the specified scoped action, such as For_each, Until, and Scope.

Virtual Agents
Azure Bot Framework bots need to be added to the allowlist for them to use the Power Virtual Agents chatbot skills within them.
Sharing is used to specify other users for bot collaboration.
Authentication is used to configure the chatbot to verify a user’s identity.
Web channel security allows you to set up security for facilitating communications between the chatbot and applications.
Allowed caller configuration is used to include bots that are authorized to use your bot as a skill.
Skills are used to call another bot in the original bot.
A channel is used to publish the chatbot to the customer.
Agent transfer configuration is used to send chat sessions to a live agent in case the chatbot is unable to answer customer queries.
Entities in chatbots allow the bot to identify objects and terminology entered by the user.
Topics determine the conversation that a user has with a bot. For example, a topic would prompt the user to choose a product but is not used to hold the product information.
Variables are used to hold responses given by the user in memory to be able to use them later in the conversation.
Skills are bots that can be used by other bots.

Power BI
The company should deploy Power BI Premium Per Capacity because it allows reports to be published for consumption by external customers.
The only place where a Power BI tile can be added in a model-driven app is a Dynamics 365 user dashboard.

Canvas App
To navigate to a default view of a table, you should use the Navigate command and pass in just the table name as the only argument.
